Updates to release procedure (#7839)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/release.md

    * Test **everything**, not only the new features
- [ ] Test [Binary](https://build.geo-solutions.it/jenkins/view/MapStore2/job/MapStore2-QA-Build/ws/release/target/) (take the mapstore2-QA-<RELEASE_BRANCH>-bin.zip)
- [ ] Lunch the [stable deploy](https://build.geo-solutions.it/jenkins/view/MapStore2/job/MapStore2-Stable/) to install the latest stable version on official demo

> - [ ] Manually edit the localConfig.json on mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com to fit the authkey for production (change from `authkey-qa` to `authkey-prod`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Manually edit the `localConfig.json` on mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com to fit the authkey for production (change from `authkey-qa` to `authkey-prod`)
```

>   - [ ] test as logged user the layers added can be seen, test also on a saved map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] to test the change has been applied, login on mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com and verify that the layers from `gs-stable` are visible without errors (typically authentication errors that was caused by the wrong auth-key). 
```

- [ ] create on [ReadTheDocs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/mapstore/) project the version build for `vYYYY.XX.mm` (click on "Versions" and activate the version of the tag, created when release was published)
- [ ] Port needed commits to master branch (Changelog changes, docs changes...)
- [ ] Reset versions of java modules to `-SNAPSHOT`. the command is  `mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<SNAPSHOT_VERSION> -DprocessAllModules -DgenerateBackupPoms=false` where `<SNAPSHOT_VERSION>` is the version to set. (e.g. 1.2-SNAPSHOT).
- [ ] [Create a draft release](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension/releases/new) for https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension with the same name and tag
  - [ ] target of the release is master branch
  - [ ] tag is **vYYYY.XX.mm**
  - [ ] Update revision of mapstore to the release tag **vYYYY.XX.mm**

>   - [ ] [run the build](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension#build-extension) locally and include in the release the zip of the `SampleExtension.zip` from /dist folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] [run the build](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension#build-extension) locally and attach to the release the file `SampleExtension.zip` from the `/dist` folder
```

>   - [ ] create a PR for the changes of the revision to the MapstoreExtension repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] create a PR for the changes of the revision to the MapstoreExtension repo
  - [ ] Merge the PR
  - [ ] Publish the release
```
